adding in notes for browser destinations (#328)
segmentio/action-destinations: docs/create.md

> The `onDelete` function performs a GDPR delete against a service. For testing, enter `return true` in this function to continue development.

### Browser (Device Mode) Destination

```js
import type { Settings } from './generated-types'
import type { BrowserDestinationDefinition } from '../../lib/browser-destinations'
import { browserDestination } from '../../runtime/shim'

// Declare global to access your client
declare global {
  interface Window {
    sdkName: typeof sdkName
  }
}

// Switch from unknown to the partner SDK client types
export const destination: BrowserDestinationDefinition<Settings, unknown> = {
  name: 'BrowserExample',
  slug: 'actions-browserexample',
  mode: 'device',

  settings: {
    // Add any Segment destination settings required here
  },

  initialize: async ({ settings, analytics }, deps) => {
    await deps.loadScript('<path_to_partner_script>')
    // initialize client code here

    return window.yourSDKName
  },

  actions: {}
}

export default browserDestination(destination)
```

> In Browser Destinations' no authentication is required. Instead, you must initialize your SDK with the required settings needed. To access your client throughout your destination,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Browser Destinations' no authentication is required. Instead, you must initialize your SDK with the required settings. To access your client throughout your destination,
```

Reviewer: "To access your client throughout your destination,"

I think something got cut off here

Author: Oh good catch. That was a typo. Removed.

When importing your SDK, we recommend loading from a CDN when possible. This keeps the bundle size lower rather than directly including the SDK in our package.

> Make sure to add a global declarition where you specify your SDK as a field of a Window interface so you can reference and return it in your intialize function. E.g. (See above)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to add a global declaration where you specify your SDK as a field of a Window interface so you can reference and return it in your initialize function. E.g. (See above)
```
